## Journal Title

JSOptimizer: An Extensible Framework for JavaScript Program Optimization

### References

https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8802820

### Synopsis

The paper presents a tool written for javascript which will optimise JS programs by up to 300%. They state that the real world peformance of programs written in javascript often suffer from various issues. Their program uses nine issue patterns discovered from open source programs and they are used in a static analysis framework to detect and fix the issues.

### Useful Quotes

Small memory leaks can lead to serious waste of memory resources.
Many errors in JavaScript programs cannot be found at compile time.
Static analysis is a powerful technique that analyzes a program without actually executing it [9]. It is widely used in bug detection and performance optimization of computer programs.
Without proper guidance on how to manifest and optimize detected issues, developers cannot easily improve their code.
We found that our detected issues are of concern to real-world developers and addressing these issues can improve the performance and robustness of the original projects.
The configuration file can specify user-defined issue patterns.
It then analyzes the JavaScript code and generates call graphs and Abstract Syntax Trees (ASTs).
performs pattern matching to locate potential issues in the JavaScript programs and raises warnings when there are issues located.
Table I lists nine patterns supported by JSOptimizer.
The issue detection does not support cross-file analysis

### Personal Reflection

The authors of the paper go over the issue that can arise from javascript programs during the development stage. They mention that due to the dynamic nature of javascript, it is easy to miss errors at compile time and that errors happening during runtime are not only harder to spot but can also cause larger issues especially if they occur in production.
I do believe that there is a significant importance to this paper and the project as erors in production, especially on dynamic languages where they are harder to catch, can result in serious problems and sometimes backlash from users.
The authors mention that their program can optimize javascript programs by up to 300% which is a significant improvement. The benifit here of this is that the now regained peformance can be used on other parts of the program or system as a whole, which can result in a better user experience. Or it can be used to reduce the cost of running the program as it will require less resources to run.

### Questions Raised

The program they have written seems to do a good job at analyzing and optimising javascript code, however as they mention an area of improvemnet could be the analysis of programs across multiple files.
Their methodology of analyzing a program seems to be through, using abstract syntax trees to build out a structure that their program can then analyze and optimize.
The ability to add custom patterns to the program is another good feature as it allows third parties to keep the program up to date with new patterns that they discover. A possible area that could be improved is making the analyzer more generic so that it could be used for other languages.
