## Journal Title

A roadmap for software maintainability measurement

### References

https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/6606742

### Synopsis

The abstract discribes how OOP is one of the most used programming paradigms and thus research on improvment of software quality for this paradigm is demanded.
They say that there us no standardisation or catolugue to summmarize the various metrics that are used to measure software quality.
The paper aims to help developers make decisions on what metrics to use and how to use them based on the usage of OOSM metrics.

### Useful Quotes

Nowadays, Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) is one of the most used programming paradigm [1].
researches dedicated in improvement of software quality that adhere to this paradigm are demanded.
the lack of an uniform and concentrated information about software maintainability metrics is evident. Consequently, developers, project managers, and researchers spend an extra time analyzing and checking which metrics have to be adopted in their projects
Software system maintenance costs are a substantial part of the life cycle costs. They can easily steal all available effort away from new development [10], [11], [12], [13], [14], [15], [16].
Software Engineering (SE) has very peculiar characteristics that strongly relate it to social sciences that encourage the implementation of empirical studies that are able to assess the effectiveness of techniques, methodologies and processes proposed in the area.

### Personal Reflection

The paper discusses that there is a lack of standardisation or catolugue to summmarize the various metrics that are used to measure software quality.
They go on to say that software system maintenance costs are a substantial part of the life cycle costs and that they can easily steal all available effort away from new development.
They also mention that software engineering in regards to software quality has a particular subset of charactistics that relate to social behaviours that are used to encourage the use of certain techineques and methods to solve a particular problem.

### Questions Raised

From what I could read they didn't propose or show any research that aims to solve this problem. It seemed like their paper was more of a discussion on the problem and why it is important to solve it.
In their research they went on to discover that amongst many of the papers they read, 14.4% of them went on to discuss the problem of software quality but of those papers only 2.7% actually proposed solutions to solve the problem.
With these percentages in mind, it does go to show that the problem does exist and that there are proposed ways to solve it but the number of solutions are lacking.
